[RHACS] Added RHACS Cloud Service architecture diagram (#65080)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/acscs-secured-cluster-services-overview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/acs-architecture.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="acscs-secured-cluster-services_{context}"]
= Secured cluster services

> You install the secured cluster services on every cluster you want to secure by using the {product-title-managed-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You install the secured cluster services on each cluster that you want to secure by using the {product-title-managed-short}.
```

Secured cluster services include the following components:

> * *Sensor*: Sensor is the service responsible for analyzing and monitoring the cluster.
> Sensor listens to the {ocp} or Kubernetes API and Collector events to report the current state of the cluster.
> Sensor also triggers deploy-time and runtime violations based on {product-title-managed-short} policies. Additionally, Sensor is responsible for all cluster interactions, such as applying network policies, initiating reprocessing of {product-title-managed-short} policies, and interacting with the Admission controller.
> * *Admission controller*: The Admission controller prevents users from creating workloads that violate security policies in {product-title-managed-short}.
> * *Collector*: Collector analyzes and monitors container activity on cluster nodes.
> It collects container runtime and network activity information and sends the collected data to Sensor.
> * *Scanner*: In Kubernetes, the secured cluster services include Scanner-slim as an optional component.
> On {ocp}, however, {product-title-managed-short} installs a Scanner-slim version on each secured cluster to scan images in the {ocp} integrated registry and optionally other registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Sensor*: Sensor is the service responsible for analyzing and monitoring the cluster.
Sensor listens to the {ocp} or Kubernetes API and Collector events to report the current state of the cluster.
Sensor also triggers deploy-time and runtime violations based on {product-title-managed-short} policies. In addition, Sensor is responsible for all cluster interactions, such as applying network policies, initiating reprocessing of {product-title-managed-short} policies, and interacting with the Admission controller.
* *Admission controller*: The Admission controller prevents users from creating workloads that violate security policies in {product-title-managed-short}.
* *Collector*: Collector analyzes and monitors container activity on cluster nodes.
It collects container runtime and network activity information and sends the collected data to Sensor.
* *Scanner*: In Kubernetes, the secured cluster services include Scanner-slim as an optional component.
However, on {ocp}, {product-title-managed-short} installs a Scanner-slim version on each secured cluster to scan images in the {ocp} integrated registry and optionally other registries.
```
